Update DIVD-2024-00030.md (#845)
DIVD-NL/web-csirt: _cases/2024/DIVD-2024-00030.md

- start: 2024-09-10
  end:
  event: "DIVD starts researching into a new fingerprint that also includes CVE-2024-6342"
- start: 2024-09-19
  end:

>   event: "DIVD switched in new fingerprint to check the device firmware creation-date"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "DIVD switched to new fingerprint that checks the device firmware creation-date"
```

Author: Both suggestion are fixed.
